PMM-10008 Update README.md about archiving this repo (#226)
percona/pmm-admin: README.md

# pmm-admin
 

> ## This repository is archived and moved to [PMM](https://github.com/percona/pmm/) repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## This repository has been archived and moved to [PMM](https://github.com/percona/pmm/) repository.
```
